hey guys miss horror here
today we're going to try something new
and take a look at a film
called till death directed by sk dale
so let's get started at the beginning of
the movie
we are introduced to a girl called emma
davenport who is driving to her
husband's office
after ending an extramarital affair of
hers with tom
one of her husband's employees ending
this affair was extremely hard for her
since both tom
and emma had fallen deeply for each
other but since it was her wedding
anniversary the next day
with a heavy heart she decided to do it
when she goes to her husband's office
she finds a case file on his desk that
triggers a series of disturbing
flashbacks
the case was a robbery involving emma a
robber called bobby had once attacked
emma and had severely beaten
and bruised her during the struggle emma
had blinded the attacker and he was
sentenced to 10 years in prison
after he was caught emma's husband then
returns to his office and takes the file
away from her
saying it would trigger her anxiety it
is revealed that emma's husband is a
successful lawyer
called mark webster a year has passed
since they've been married and the
couple seems to have fallen out of love
mark is very controlling and emma seems
to be unhappy with him
after noticing that emma isn't wearing
the dress he told her to
he decides to send her back home to
change into it
when mark and emma leave the office they
meet tom in the elevator
emma's heart stops for a moment but tom
stays calm and
collected mark introduces tom to his
wife
and seems to be completely unaware of
their affair
later mark treats his wife to dinner at
a fancy restaurant
and gives her a steel necklace as a gift
emma also gives her husband a gift
tickets to the super bowl where he
always wanted to go
but he blatantly refuses her gift before
leaving the tickets at the restaurant
after leaving the restaurant mark tells
emma he has one
last surprise for her he then blindfolds
her and takes her for a ride
over an hour later the blindfold starts
to annoy emma and she starts complaining
after a while she ends up pulling it off
to see they have arrived at their
lake house a place that held many of
their happy memories
inside the house mark again leaves emma
downstairs blindfolded with instructions
to take it off
after counting as soon as she is done
she pulls it off to see the house
decorated beautifully with candles lit
all around the house and petals lay down
on the floor
following the petals emma is led to a
room where numerous photos of her with
mark are hanging
a cd player at the corner is playing
their wedding song
this makes her extremely happy and she
leaves the room with a smile to ascend
the stairs to a room
where mark is waiting for her with two
glasses of champagne
mark tells her that he knows things
haven't been right between them and asks
for another chance to improve their
relationship
after a night of heated passion they
both go to sleep
the next morning after emma wakes up
mark asks her if she had sweet dreams
emma finds herself cuffed to his hand
and springs up
asking him what it is about mark turns
to her and
says it's time to wake up before
shooting himself
in the head in a state of complete
discombobulation
emma tries to figure out what has
happened she pulls herself together and
starts trying to open the handcuffs
she tries to use the gun mark committed
suicide with but
it has no bullets she tries to call for
help with mark's phone
but finds it dead she then goes to the
wardrobe
dragging mark's body behind her but
finds nothing except her wedding gown
hung in there
she pulls the dress off the hanger and
sees a safe behind it with an
unknown combination she wears mark's
blood-spattered shirt
and uses the wedding gown to drag his
corpse around
she descends the stairs and falls unable
to carry mark's weight
after reaching the bottom she goes to
look for her cell phone which she finds
submerged in the face on the table
and realizes it no longer works emma
searches the whole house for any sharp
object to cut the handcuffs
but finds none while searching she finds
her husband's car keys in the dustbin
she then drags mark's corpse to the
garage through the deep snow
barefooted with her feet wrapped in
pieces cut from her wedding gown
after reaching the garage she gets
inside the car
pulling the corpse in as well but
realizes that mork has
emptied the car tank their wedding song
starts to play
in the car before a voice recording left
by marx starts to play
through this recording emma learns that
mark already knew about emma's affair
he always considered himself superior to
emma and though he had blessed her with
the luxuries he had given her for which
he should worship him
according to him he was being called
away but his pride wouldn't allow him to
die
and leave emma behind to live her best
life with tom
emma goes back inside the house and
starts looking for sharp tools in the
basement but to her dismay
every tool has been taken off of its
place
dragging the dead mark out of the
basement she tells him she had been
carrying his dead weight long before he
put a bullet in his head she then drags
the corpse to the room in which their
pictures were hung last night
only this time there are pictures of
hers with tom
all over the place and right ahead there
is a picture of bobby
her attacker who since the attack had
always given her panic attacks
from the cd player a recording can be
heard of her statement the police
in which she told them about the attack
and how she blinded bobby in one eye
with her keys
she then hears a car approaching her
door and rushes to it
she finds tom standing at her door tom
tells her he received a text from her
phone
saying she needed help in the lake house
emma tells him that the text was sent by
mark
not her she is told by tom that mark's
office had been raided by the police
and everyone found out about his
manipulated legal documents
she then realizes that mark saw poverty
coming to him and decided to go down
taking emma with him emma tells tom to
call the police
initially he refuses saying the police
would not believe their story
thus they should manage the truth but
she tells him that mark must have
planned something horrible for them
thus they should immediately call the
police
tom turns to get his phone from the car
and sees another car
approaching the lake house he asks emma
if she recognizes it
saying he had seen that car parked by
the side of the road as if a person was
inside
waiting for something emma tells tom
they need to run
but he tells her they can't run in the
snow despite
emma's warnings he goes outside and
tells her not to open the door for
anyone but him the car reaches the house
and out comes a guy telling tom that he
had been called to repair a pipeline in
the house
tom tells him that the owner is not home
and he should come back
later the guy then asks if he can use
the facilities in the house but tom
denies him for permission
the man then returns to his car but
behind him bobby comes out and stabs tom
to death
both men then enter the house bobby
seems to be determined to kill
while the other seems to be in a state
of fear and confusion
repeatedly saying murder is not what he
signed up for and they should
leave bobby tries to calm the other man
down who is his brother
jimmy and tells him they need to look
for emma
meanwhile emma escapes the house and
goes out into the shed where she finds a
boat
covered with a cloth she uses the anchor
of the boat to cut the cuffs but due to
the thumping sound created
jimmy enters the shed she quickly lays
down in the boat
pulling the cloth over her and jimmy
doesn't notice her
instead the poor boy gets sick seeing
all of mark's blood and runs back
outside to inform his brother
jimmy comes back to the shed with bobby
but by that time
emma had gotten out of the boat and had
hidden underneath it
jimmy tries to convince his brother to
leave as the girl could be miles away by
that time
but bobby sees a footprint of blood
beside the boat and realizes emma had no
shoes
without which she couldn't have gone far
in the snow
the men's conversation reveals to emma
that they have been sent by mark to kill
her
and their reward is in the safe inside
the house the combination to which
they believe emma knows when the men
leave she gets out and finds a container
filled with petrol in the shed
she starts dragging it out to the garage
when jimmy passes by a few feet away
she lays down in the snow and jimmy does
not notice her
she manages to reach the car and starts
pumping petrol into it
but bobby comes into the garage and
starts looking for her
she manages to keep herself hidden but
to her dismay
bobby notices the fuel being pumped in
and punctures the tires of the car
emma then runs out to the basement when
she gets close to the door
leading to the house she notices jimmy
dragging mark's corpse outside
down in the basement bobby has almost
reached the stairs on which she's
sitting
finding herself cornered she uses her
car keys to make the car alarm go off as
a distraction
both the men rush outside giving her
time to hide herself
when she is not found in the garage
bobby realizes that they were close to
her and she did this
to distract them this gets their hopes
up as they are now
sure she is still inside the house
making her way inside
emma wears tom's shoes and hides in the
attic the thudding sound of her
footsteps catches the men's attention
making bobby rush into the attic emma
cleverly manages to hit bobby with a
golf club
after which he falls from the attic to
the floor of the house
when jimmy comes to check on his brother
emma also knocks him over
and locks them inside the room she then
goes outside and gets in tom's car but
unfortunately bobby manages to get to
her and pulls her
out of the car she manages to call 9-1-1
but is not able to tell anyone about her
situation
jimmy panics and once again tries to
convince his brother to flee
as the police could trace the call to
the place but bobby threatens him
and refuses to go without getting the
diamonds they were supposed to get as a
reward
emma tells bobby that she doesn't know
the combination to the safe
but he kicks her making her unconscious
when she regains consciousness she finds
herself cuffed to mark's corpse again
the men are seen dragging the safe to
her she again tells them that she does
not know the combination
but bobby tells her that it is the date
mark propose to her
which she of course knows she refuses to
tell them the date
saying they will kill her afterward but
bobby threatens to torture her
until she gives them what they need
jimmy tries to stop bobby but bobby
throws him to the ground
jimmy finds the gun more accused to
commit suicide under the bed and aims it
at bobby
telling him to stop jimmy then decides
that they will uncuff emma and she will
give them the date
then they will leave without hurting her
emma agrees and
after jimmy uncuffs her she gives them
the date
they open the safe but inside instead of
diamonds
there is a small saw on which the words
the diamonds lay close to the heart
are ridden emma realizes that the
diamonds are in the steel necklace and
mark gave her
she tries to take it off but it does not
come off
bobby remarks that mark didn't want the
necklace to be cut off of her
but he wanted emma to be cut off of the
necklace
emma panics and both jimmy and emma
start trying to take it off using
pliers and force but in vain bobby takes
the gun from jimmy's back pocket and
aims it at him
telling him to get out of his way he
then tries to shoot emma and realizes
there are no bullets in the gun
the men then start to fight in during
the struggle bobby pushes jimmy back
into the wall where one of the hooks on
there pierces through his skull
killing him instantly emma then attacks
bobby with a knife and after a bit of a
struggle
she manages to throw him to the ground
and cuffs him to mark's corpse
she then runs downstairs but bobby keeps
chasing her
dragging mark's corpse behind him emma
rushes to the car and starts driving but
she loses control and crashes it
bobby comes after her but she gets out
of the car and starts crawling away
bobby catches up to her and attacks her
with a knife which she dodges and it is
pushed into the top of the frozen
lake emma forcefully throws him aside
making the ice layer under him break
due to which he falls into the freezing
water but grabs onto emma
pulling her down with him as well emma
pushes the knife into his eye making him
a whale in pain
after which he lets go of her and is
pulled down into the water
due to mark's weight emma swims up to
the top
breaking the ice layer on the surface
with a knife
she then gets out of the freezing water
and lays down
on the ice she pulls off her wedding
ring and lets it roll down into the
water
as police sirens start to be heard in
the distance which means that the call
has been traced
and she has now been saved let me know
how you found the video in the comments
below
make sure to like subscribe and ring the
notification bell
thank you for watching